Part 2N: can you identify another contribution linkM: the minusN: Is it a pro-con?M: Just what are your current interests, and long term goals?M: I need to graduate for both goals.N: What do you need to do to get into graduate schoolM: You have to take a bunch of GREM: A lot of applicationsN: What other actors might have influenceM: advisorsM: What that be considered their task?N: Asking it would be your task and they will be writing the letter of recommendationN: You can link between two actors but not linking two actorsN: What might be some general goals, like making money and how would that lead to graduate schoolM: Yeah making some money would be good. Would that be a soft goal?N: It’s more up to youM: Location-wise, it’s living in California, That will be a soft goal? N: Yeah M: Cause grad school will be taking a lot of timeN: Grad school will negatively affect the timeM: There is a good amount of fees for grad school. N: Do you want to pursue knowledge or creative jobs?M: Yeah, grad school does give more creative freedom for jobsN: Maybe GRE could be decomposed into studying for the GREPart 3:a) Would you add or remove any elementsi) No to remove, Didn’t go as in depth about application process and would add something about the applications for grad schoolb) What are the decisions you were considering in this modeli) Decide between grad school for chem or going straight into industryc) See any new connections you want to make?i) Noped) Are there any nodes you want to decomposei) Smith degree could be broken down furtherPart 4:Which model? Choose:M: Choosing her own modelExtend, which one? M: Extending her own modelExtending model notes: Added pay off loans goal, links between job and pay off loansGrad school will make it slowerAlso need previous research experience for both job and grad school, added that taskL: broader soft goals. In 5 years where do you see yourself professoinalyM: with a job, enjoy what I do Don’t want to do just the same exact thing every dayL: decompose creative freedomM: yeah, maybe be a professor and do own resarch. If youre high enough up at a company you have creative freedom-added a goal called “promotion”Put in some time to get promotion. Link between job and promotionFree time is going to be affected L: what do you want to do in your free timeM: definitely want to spend time with family and friendsCreated spend time with family and friends soft goal. Free time helps that L: would location affect thatM: yes L: if you see any more links, nodes, etc, add them nowM: link between promotion and moneyL: for a hypothesis if you go directly into industry would you see any of the goals or soft goals be harder to achieveM: graduate school could be rough on friends and familyPart 5: Debriefa) Links make the most senseb) Deciding between resource/soft goal was a little hard at first, hard to categorizec) Links used most oftend) A lot of “and”s and +e)Trouble with - f) Having to actually put them down was helpful, so her own modelg)Learned more about the soft goals, more hazy clouds but actually seeing them down helps make them more real. Still haven’t picked one or the other. Seeing multiple levels and how they interact was helpful.h) No, I don’t think so.