Part 1: video playsPart 2N: [Alright, let’s get started on your own model. I have several prompts for you when you get stuck.]A: Ok so I will make a map of this thing that I filled out?A: I made an actor for me, I got a couple of goals: want some healthcare, want a full time  job, the job I have will fulfill both of these things. I also want to make moneyA: I will keep having a full-time job here, I will put location as a soft goal, but i don’t know if I know enough about itA: I also would like a positive environment or understanding boss, these as soft goals. I want my job to be ethical which is a soft goalN: Also start thinking about trade offs, or decisions that you want to make, you might not be able to do both X jobs or Y jobsA: How would I choose a trade off in the tool?N: you can decompose goals into tasks or goals (and / or decomposition)N: What specific things do you need to accomplish for a full time job?A: I need to apply to job, do resume stuff (make resume) and interview, but I’m not sure how to model it.N: Think about how these tasks connect to your goals and how they depend on them.N: What other actors or people might help you with your goals?A: Advisor actor.N: What are some tasks or goals they might have? Like helping you write the letter of recommendation and stuffA: In the graph would this help me apply to job or get job?N: Either is fineN: what kind of decisions are you thinking about making with regards to the jobs? For example would you prefer a high paying job with a harsh boss?A: I will be more willing to take a job that fulfills my soft goals though it means it makes less money. But if it sacrifices pay for healthcare I would not. A: I don’t know how I can build a relationship[ between soft goals and tasksA: A fulfilling job would lead to all these soft goals being accomplished, and links to all of themN: What are some resources you might have access to that would help or hurt your goals or tasks? A: The Lazarus center, professors, career fair job listings. Lazarus center positively affects make resumeA: I don’t know what propagate means?N: It means that for example if this is a plus, it will be positively affectedN: Are there any nodes you think could be further decomposed?A: Broken down?N: yesA: To apply to the job, I need to first go to an interview. Career fair job listings helps apply to jobN: Are there any more connections you can make?  Which of these would be essential to getting hired?A: I would drag a bunch of ands to get hired, from make resume, decide on job, apply to job, and interview.L: part 3:L: Take a few minutes to look at the links and the nodesA: This is really cool.L: Would you add or remove any elementsA: I would add more tasks about finding and applying to the job.L: Do you see any further connections you want to make on this model?A: NoL: any that could be further decomposed?A: Complete smith biochemistry degree could be further decomposed -- take courses, pass courses, etc.L: Of the 2 models do you have a preference? A: The automatically generated one. My model though does a better job of showing what to do in order to get to full time jobL: Which model would you like to extend?A: The generated one.4. Extending auto modelA: here I am adding more tasks: find job, apply, get hired, write resume. For links: Get hired is “and”s to all of the 3 jobsL: Do you want to incorporate soft goals, details from your own model?A: Location kind of goes with having an accessible work environment for me.L: Do you have a preference? West vs east coast, friends and family, etcA: Sure yeah like I think its whether I want to look in the northeast vs west/northwest. So how would I show those two possibilities on here?L: I think you could decompose location into maybe soft goals? Because choosing a location might be less concrete than a goal. Which jobs are easier in which locations?A: Yeah and so I think I could have an enjoyable work env on either the west or east coast. I think honestly higher salaries… there are more of these jobs on the east coast and salaries are generally better in the northeast so I don’t know. And so is that an “and”?L: maybe a ++A: Right. Could I also say that these 3 jobs are pluses to the east coast? L: yeah because these jobs are going to get you to stay in the east coastA: RightL: how, if at all, does location change the enjoyability of the jobA: friends on the east coast but family on the west… hard to decide.L: you could always add soft goals about socializing and how they relate to the job-related goalsA: I am adding time with friends goal, and that being on the east coast would have a positive effect on that.L: I see that you have “enough space to do job from manager”, what kind of career paths would make it more possible to have that kind of work environment?A: I think that definitely depends more on the institution or the company that I’m working for. However I do think,,,, no I don’t know enough about that.L: the same with kind coworkers that makes sense. Do you feel it’s good?A: Yeah it’s cool looking. I think like having I’m just gonna put like “provide resources” from the lazarus center. And that like really positively affects my finding a job and writing a resume. Alums has … don’t know what their task would be. Provide connections? Internal recruitmentFriends are good at being cool which helps me achieve soft goal of spending time with them. I will make the soft goal of spending time with them.Part 5: L: What parts of the tool made the most sense?A: Mostly made senseL: What part was confusing?A: All the links under -- are confusing dont know what they are. Otherwise the program makes some sense. These actors are resources which so I’d have to think more about resources.L: What aspect of tool did you use most often? A:++ linkL: What link did you use most often?A: ++ linkL: Any confusion with it?A: Besides already mentioned, no troubleL: Preference between generated and your model?A: Preference is the improved generated one after extending itL: Did you learn anything from this?A: Learned a lot about using bloomingleaf, drawing links between the two things helped. Seeing how stuff’s related gets me thinking about it. Thought a lot about the relationships but never as concretely as this. Helpful to see it written out and tangible. Before I hadn’t really thought that much about letters of recommendation and hadn’t thought about location concretely.L: Anything for developers to improve?A: As somebody with no experience with CS, I don’t know what a node is, composition and propagation. Language is confusing, use language that is accessible to people without CS backgroundsShort reflection:The model is becoming more extensive than the previous sessions. It is really helpful to ask questions more related to the participant's goals and try to relate more to their values.