Part 1N: can you name all the actors in this model?A: developers, users, hackersN: can you identify one or more decomposition links in the model?A: be a lawful citizen from getting the app from hackerN: this is actually a decomposition link, anything besides and or is a contribution linkA: then profit to sell app for profitN: can you identify a contribution link?A: get the app from hackers and be a lawful citizen?N: which one is the stronger relationship, plus plus or plus?A: plus plusN: can you point to a different contribution link and describe what it is?A: the pirated app to get app from get app from hacker is this a contribution link? Pirated app contributes to getting the app from the hacker.N: greatPart 2A: will I be writing about what I want my career to beN: yeah, and it will be good to start with yourself as an actorA: When I was twelve want to be a professor, and I will start from hereN: yeah you might start with some general goals that you want to have for your careerA: satisfaction in life is a soft goal, constant learning I’m gonna say it’s another soft goal, constant learning contributes to satisfaction in life for me, I’m gonna do the little plus plus here. I’m also gonna say Ph.D., it’s scary but I’ll live. I’m gonna say that’s also gonna contribute to satisfaction in life. The task is to survive a Ph.D. program.N: You might want to think about some jobs you want and list them as goals. If you don’t know you can always list your values for your job.A: I decided I want to be in academia. That’s a contribution link like getting into graduate school and doing well at Smith.N: we got a couple of really concrete goals from your response.A: yeah I want to give you guys really good answers. Looking into that I see that academia is cool, but I might not be able to get in. The non-profit field is also important to me.N:  That would be really great to model. You could have separate goals that are non-profits, academia if they are incompatible with each other and you can start to decompose that.A: they could technically work together, but I would also have no satisfaction in life.N: You don’t worry about the terminology just get everything down on paper.A: ok, non-profit, I would say that it also contributes to satisfaction in life.A: I would say doing something import is also big for me. I think I told you before that my dad is a communist revolutionary. What do I need, how do I determine resources. I’m gonna say ambition.N: you might want to think about how would you decompose some of these tasks, for Ph.D./academia,  what would you have to do first concretelyA: do well at Smith, and good faculty connectionsN: if you see any outside connections like faculty and parents you can include them.A: I have been very lucky to come from a heavy academic family, and that has definitely influenced me, soN: what goals might faculty member have and want to accomplish that might also relate to you,A: I guess goals specifically related to me or goals in generalN: I guess goals, in general, might not be really helpful here, so goals relating to you in some ways, like what faculties want for you and what you want from them and how it interlace.A: I think a soft goal would be seeing student succeed, working with students on research, it would be a more concrete goal, and that contributes N: how might something you accomplish help the faculty and how might something faculty accomplish help you.A: I would say seeing student success will contribute to good faculty connections, working with students on research contributes to summer positions. It is possible to have a single-handed this contribution, like not with an and or with other decomposition link, but just this makes this.N: a plus or plus plus. plus is helps, and plus plus is make.A: resource is time and energy, cause they are also people, and they also want life satisfaction, can’t blame thatN: And time and energy could also be a resource that you are balancing. Just thinking about different paths, like a Ph.D. would definitely take some of your time. A: wow that will be a minus minus.N: while that means you can’t do itA: While that is my first minusthink about resource and energy that might also influence you A: Time and energy will also be a minus for doing wellN: thinking about parents, what are their goals?A: I guess their main goal is wanting me to be more independent. I think my dad, honestly have no clue. My moms, they were definitely very academic-focused and they were both getting their masters. They probably want me to take on a similar path, and they are both very pro college for me. I guess academic has always been in the family and independence. A: I would say academic success is a soft goal, and independence is a goal.A: i would say goal, make money, and send it to the DR cause my family down there doesn’t have much money. I would say goal make money and it would contribute family doing well.N: just don’t worry about going off the lines or anything.A: my grandma wants to get a house, things better down in drA: my moms were all very concerned with academic stuff and my dad’s side I mainly want to send money cause they all work in sweatshops. N: might any of the family goals linked to your goals? Do you see any connections you want to take down there?A: my being independent is tied to money, academic success is definitely tied to the giant stuff over here. N: any tasks you want to makeA: I guess the only thing I should look into an internship.N: sure we will still be having another section of the studyA: greatN: and we will switch rolesPart 3:L: this is a generated model based on your response from the survey. Take a few minutes to see the nodes and links.A: wow that’s complicated, did you guys make this?L: that’s magically generatedA: i’ll not askL: no worries it’s fineA: I really like this. I want to put this on my wallL: I know people have different preferences base on the given information, yeahAnanda: I wish I’d considered all of this the way this is written out. I am a co-author on one paperA: I kind of been worried about grades things, cause I have been doing great at Smith so far. I was having a conversation with someone the other day who did a junior year abroad in Paris. She talked about how it was completely worth it for her, but she struggled with French so it destroyed her GPA. I really want to study abroad in Germany in my junior year but I’m afraid that it’s gonna destroy my GPA.L: I’m going to ask a few questions based on this model.For all the elements, do you want to add any?I really enjoy crafting, and I know that’s not related to work at all. I want to have a space for work-life balance connecting to hobbies.Any nodes to remove?	I think these all kinda capture what I’m looking at doingAny connections you want to make? 	Yeah, I think that both working in the tech industry and academia would contribute to self-sufficiency. I want to be able to live on my own, and hopefully, have a studio apartment.Are there any nodes you think could be decomposed?	Not anything off the top of the headComparing the models do you have a preference	The Auto Model, the other one is too disorganizedIn the next step, we will ask you to keep extending one of these models.Part 4Feel free to add the nodes, connectionsA: Connect good pay to academia, way better than nonprofitGood pay connects to self-sufficiency for me.I could pick up and move across the country. Not in academia though! TenureMight be ways to be a researcher and in nonprofit. How do I express this?L: You feel like being in academia could also contribute to working in a non-profit? I think that could be a + link.A: It doesn’t always happen. I consider myself working in a more international policy… there’s a program in my hometown called genocide studies I’m interested in preventing atrocities and critically examine things that happen in history and from a certain perspective I think this can be achieved through technologyL: there are many things that contribute to satisfaction in life. Take what you think is important from your model and transfer it into the new model.A: I’ll add a soft goal for satisfaction I’ll say academia and nonprofit and learning new things contribute to satisfaction. Doing something important is a soft goal. Whenever I say doing something important, I always say it in terms of non-profit. L: just in terms of more general questions about your life goal. Is there anything you want to do besides a computer science major?A: When I came to Smith I told my advisor that I want to be an English major and he kind of told me that it isn’t the right pathway. Now I kind off landed in computer science and SDS, which I really love and enjoy.  Growing up with moms, one cybersecurity one nonprofit the cyber one hates her job even though it pays the bills, I don’t want to turn into that. So I think that contributes to my reluctance around working in the tech industry?A: I think dad also contributes to my reluctance around working in the tech industry, cause academia to be the one of us that do get a Ph.D. Cause my dad has been a university lecturer. If I am the one getting the Ph.D., I’ll not hate my job. I also wouldn’t fall into my biological mother’s situation which is like she loved her job but could in no way support herself.A: I think I never thought about that before, and know I am thinking about it in the middle of a study. So that’s scary.L: we are just getting you to start thinking, cause we never know there are opportunities or tracks that I haven’t thought about before.A: That’s terrifying, I don’t want to think about it. What kind of choices am I making? I am actually kind of torn, you know the SDS major is really interested but I want to do a high honors thesis, and the SDS major also requires a senior year thesis, so I’m not sure whether I want to do that. My mom did two honors thesis at Colgate, and she was magna cum laude. All she talks about is how much she hated it. Partly I am very tempted to do something like comparative literature, I considered minor in Spanis. I’m torn about that because I have a higher chance of being marketable or I can go for a double major in CS and humanities but that’s not the case anymore, which is terrifying.L: that's good we can see a huge trade-off hereA: I am going to add humanities major and it will take away from SDSL: for humanities major, how might that contribute to your larger soft goalsA: I know that I am going for CS, and I have done a lot of CS classes, and I am spending this summer doing research. But I am going to add a humanity major and it is going to take away from SDS major. My other mom, the cybersecurity one majored in English and minored in graphics design. I could either have an SDS major or a humanities major. I was talking to John and he advised me to not do a high honors thesis, but I want to do one cause it’s gonna make me look good for grad school, and I will go to Stanford and that would be perfect because the valedictorian of my high school will be jealous and he already goes to Stanford. Yeah, a humanities major, that could take away from everything else. But that contributes to academia, cause the stuff I do is very digital humanity, and John hire me because I took a book studies concentration and I have a lot of background in English. So a lot of stuff we do is on poetry. So I’m gonna say that it contributes to academia and research, and it subtracts from data analysis. I think it’s neutral on good grades. L: also would getting a humanity major contribute to your soft goals?A: yeah, it does contribute to my satisfaction, cause I do like reading. So I’m gonna put it on satisfaction with a bonus. It minus from self-sufficiency, and that’s something. I think I can always learn new things. While you don’t need to have humanities major to learn new things. L: Are there anything else you want to transfer over between models? Or any links you want to make, higher level goals to decompose?A: I think this captures it yeah!5. Follow up questions:For all the functions which was easiest-very easy to understand and feel comfortable working with it. It is very tied together. Doesn’t detract from its usefulness even though it’s complexWhich was hardest-I like colors, the black and white was hardWhich aspect did you use the most- The “+” linkTrouble with any of the links-confused at first with decomposition vs construction in the beginning but it all worked out.For comparing and contrasting this model vs the one you made which is better-the generated one is more complex and shows the small steps which is good. I always think in terms of broader terms like a write a paper I do the research and I write the outline. But when it comes to actual life, it’s like get to grad school.Did you learn anything from either model?-Yeah I think it made me look at things as smaller steps which is really valuable. It very much so set into stark terms the decisions I’ll have to make in the future, which I’ve been putting off.Do you have any suggestions for the developers- I just like the colors yeah, and shape of goal vs soft goal is too similar