0:00N: going to show you a training video, about 7 minutes, explaining how to essentially use the language we are using today, after that concludes, you’ll have the chance to ask some questions because i’m sure some will come up and ill ask you some questions just to make sure you understood the video before we jump into the modeling session where basically you’ll be modeling the question you answered for us in the survey today. Alright. I’m going to get this video started.7:24N: Now that that’s done I’m going to pull this on a frame that we can look at for the questions part.Great. Okay. So the first thing I have to ask is do you have any questions about the video or goal modeling in general, or how to use this languageH: No, just that what is a soft goal?N: A soft goal is a goal but less clear cut. While a hard goal or goal might be “graduate a prorgram that youre in” a soft goal might be like “enter a field that you enjoy“ or “spend time with family” so values that are less clear cut or goals that are not as defined.H: Okay.N: And if you have any questions that come up while youre working feel free to ask.I’m going to go ahead and ask you to use the model on the screen to answer a couple of questions just to make sure you understand the video. First up: can you name the actors in the model?H: The actor?N: Yep the actors. You can look at the sheet while youre doing this too.H: App developer. User and the hackerN: Great. Can you identify a decomposition link in the model? Links are on the next sheet too.H: The and and or links (points)N: Can you point out a contribution link?H: The ++N: Great and which is the stronger relationship, ++ or +?H: ++N: Yep. And finally can you point to a different contribution link and describe what kind it is?H: Uh the - one that has negative effect.N: Great thats all the questions I have about that. 10:01N: For the next part we’re basically going to be going directly into you building your own model which can be a little daunting because I’m going to give you this blank sheet of paper, but so basically I can give you help if you need help getting started, we also have a printout of the responses to the survey that you answered (Start on the front and go onto the backside) just like as a reference point in case you’ve forgotten things about the question you’ve been answering and you can use that you can use me for advice and I’m going to let you get startedN: so you’ll be working on the question you were already thinking aboutH: So the actor…N: A good starting point might be with you. You can put down the goals you have, general values or soft goals, stuff like that. So I might get you started off with: within you as an actor, what different majors are you interested in?11:14H: CS definitely.N: that would probably be its own goalH: put it where?N: probably within yourself as an actor, like how the goals for “user” are with in the user’s circle. Here are some tasks and another goal (pointing to case study model)N: Oh and while you’re doing this can you talk out loud for the recording.H: I write math as a goal and then CS, SDS. N: Now you might want to think about starting really broadly. To get a math major what might you want to do first.H: I need to take a lot of math coursesN: You don’t need to list them all out or anything but dividing them down will be helpfulH: Like the core?N: Yeah things like thatH: (writes down complete requirements)H: So this is a task.N: Sure yeahN: You might also think about what kind of jobs do you want? You don’t have to know exactly but generally what kind of jobs you might want to do or career paths that you might be interested in pursuing. It can be as general as “ I want to work in tech” or as specific as XYZ position.H: I want to go to Google Tokyo so that is another goal.N:And I guess another prompt might be: What are some values in life? For example do you value time with your friends and family or do you value making enough money, stuff like that. Just generally broader goals that like maybe having a different job or life path might help you accomplish. 14:54H: Like high salary. Free time. Maybe work from home. N: That makes sense. Can any of those be broken down into more tasks you might need to do. Like just thinking about a job, you might need to both have a degree and do other things. Always helps to look at high level goals and think about what you need to do first.H: I need to learn Japanese.16:26N: What could also help you continue this: by thinking about resources. A resource can be as concrete as an app or it can be general like time or motivation, a resource can be anything concrete or vague.H: (pause) a resource might be (pause) for whatN: Something that will help you accomplish these [goals]. You can’t purchase an app without first having an app for example. And you probably cant apply to a college if you don’t have time.H: so time… Time, and Friends who do homework with you.N: I see that the decision here at least the main one is deciding between majors. What different routes might come of doing different majors. What might you be able to do with a math major that would be different from a CS or SDS major for example.H: so that is. A goal?N: It really depends on what you think about accomplishing. A goal might be more fitting.H: Can you give me an example?N: Yeah, I’m not in your situation but I can give one for me like I’ve been deciding between art or cs major obviously with one I can go into a tech job and with the other I can do an animation job instead. And I have to make the decision, they both are goals I have long term, something with tech and something with art but both would have different routes.H: I see, so math can get me to investment banking and then tech from CS (writes that down)N: You could also think about how those different paths would help you accomplish different soft goals. So the links will be good to think about. Maybe start thinking specifically like, if you do SDS or Math, how will that affect investment banking / if you do CS, how will that be connected.H: So is +N: A good way to think about it is + helps and ++ makesH: So are they helps?N: Mostly important that you start getting stuff downH: So this makes me go to tech companyN: Maybe also start with the first task you have complete requirements, how might that contribute to your major goals?H: They are required, so like ++.21:40N: It might be helpful to also think of like I see you have a lot of soft goals like free time, work from home, and you have a couple different possible jobs listed. Maybe you can think about connections between the concrete goals and how they might affect your soft goals. Would working at a tech company help or hurt working from home, high salary, etc?H: *draws line between investment banking and free time*N: Might there be a connection between tech company and google Tokyo?H: Yeah, so how…How do you use “and”? N: To me it seems that google Tokyo would satisfy tech company.H: is that an or?N: An or only works when youre breaking down something into multiple partsH: So if the relationship.. theyre the same?N: Like, which would satisfy which? You can work at a tech company that doesn’t satisfy google tokyo.H: draws + linkN: What would satisfy or break work from home??H: CS would satisfy it.N: And now that you have resources down how might those resources affect your various goalsH: theyre a positive effectN: IF you think about time as a resource, what might deplete it and what might add more time? Meanwhile having friends who help you complete your work might satisfy certain things, or help them.H: Like thatN: are there any of these goals you think you can decompose more? Like working at a tech company what kind of things do you need to work at a tech company? Obviously have a degree but there might be more besides that. I don’t want to be too leading but if you get stuck feel free to askH: other than that….N: let’s say you want to work at google. What do you give to googleH: SkillN: Yeah like you probably submit your degree or a resume or have people vouch for youH: Experience. Would that be a task or a goalN: Could be a task, could also just be like “get experience” but it could be something specific. Or vague, its up to you.27:43H: Get experience… 28:10N: Then experience might contribute positively towards you getting a job at a tech company, or an investment bank. Just the way that these tasks can contribute to these goals.H: Yeah but it does the same for all of the goals.N: Are there any outside actors that you think could have an influence on your decisions. If the the answer’s no that makes sense too but if theres an outside person or group that could have an influence on your decisions that would be helpful to include.H: NoN: Alright cool that’s totally ok. I’m just going to ask you a couple more, they’re pretty vague. Do you see any new connections from the stuff you already have down that you might want to make?H: NoN: and more nodes you think you can decompose?H: No30:00N: Alright in that case I will switch off with lily for now. If you don’t mind I will take a photo of the model at this stage and Lily will help you with the next part. Which I’ll also take notes on in case the recording doesn’t work.L: Yeah so what you have in here is good and so we are going to give you this model which is generated by an automatic algorithm and it’s like a written version of that so please just like take a few moments to look at it, the links and nodes.H: What is child to succeed?L: It’s generated from the response so It’s kind of generated from the response that says you want your parents to be proud so like translated into their goals would be that.H: Oh okL: So for all the nodes and features of this model would you want to add or remove anything so like adding means like something thats really important to you or remove things that aren’t really relevantH: No, its a good modelL: So from the information presented here could you see what kind of decisions you were trying to make H: Can you say that againL: Yeah so this model is generated from your response so those kind of information might contain certain tradeoffs or things that you’re choosing from so how the information is presented are you making any decisions that you can seeH: Maybe not to choose not to major in EconL: That makes sense yeahL: That’s it?H: That’s it.L: Are there any new connections that you feel like you want to make on this modelH: Yeah the time with family and friends contributes to not being stressed out.L: one last question about this model. Do you think there are any nodes in there that can be decomposed into subgoals or tasks?H: It’s hard to think about subgoalsL: Maybe something could be broken down that you now see takes some other steps to accomplish this36:26H: I couldn’t think of anyL: So for comparing these two models do you have a preference, if its more convenient or better represents what youre thinking aboutH: I prefer this one (Auto Model)L: Yeah so if we ask you to extend just one of these models which would you like to extend?H: This one (auto)L: Okay like do you have a reasonh: It’s more clear and I have a lot of overlapping here so its very messy but this one is more clearL: perfect so we are going to ask you to keep extending and i’m going to be prompting you with questions to keep you going so feel free to bring any ideas that you have that weren’t really incorporated and just like keep goingH: Okay.L: So are there maybe any tasks or goals that you just came up with here that you feel are really important to include in your goal model?H: So high salary. Do you want me to add itL: Definitely I can see that you came up with more specific information like you want to get into google tokyo and to learn Japanese for it so feel free to add any of those things in here because those are part of your goals and values for life.39:05L: That’s great. Something thats really good here is that you mentioned time as one of the resources that can contribute to some certain goals and some tasks might take your time from other things so you can incorporate that into your model tooH: Yeah okay. Free time, um, that’s a soft goal. There isn’t a really clear relationship between making money and free time.L: feel free to talk and ask questions its a really normal thing to doH:…time with family and friends, I already have this goal hereL: Does any of the career pathways positively or negatively affect time to spend with family and friendsH: yeah maybe investment banking I will have a negative effect on that. And then yeah.L: Another option for you is to go into the tech industry. Is that also going to have an effect on your time with friends and family?H: It depends because if I go to tokyoL: It wont be as close to friends yeah. Its fine if youre not sure yet. Maybe some more general or big picture questions to think about like, where would you imagine yourself professionally in the next 5 years?H: Tech industry.L: Maybe like do you have any preferences or vision for how your social life would be, the location, hours, maybe anything that would work as a soft goal.H: yeah like in silicon valleyL: is that one of your preferred locationsH: Yeah.L: Are you thinking about where to add that?H: I dont really have any preferred locations.44:00L: Yeah that makes sense. We are trying to help you figure out the choices you might have and how they might contribute to your larger values differently. I guess like cause so far there are two major tracks one is to go into the tech industry the other is to do investment banking so do you feel like there are some differences in between in terms of like life experience and well being and such?H: So investment banker lives a fast paced life and then it will be more chill to go to a tech companyL: Definitely so maybe just like generally its going to help you to have its going to give you some time with family and friends but I can see that location is an important factor in that sense.H: Yeah. Like my family can move and I can make new friends so this doesn’t really matter.L: Totally. Maybe on a side note that can open another route or pathway are there any hobbies or interests that can make your life more interesting that youre interested in pursuing even when you’re going off to work?H: Yeah I want to go to a dance club.L: That could be a soft goal for you in the future.H: Where can I?L: feel free to draw outside the circleH: Yeah. Dance studio near officeL: Is there anything you need to do to get to a dance studio like time wise or skill wise?H: As long as I have free time and extra money.L: Those could be contributing to your soft goal of going to a dance studio.H: High salary contributes to that and free time.L: maybe we could keep decomposing your soft goal of going to a dance studio are there any tasks you could do now or in the future thats gonna lead you to going to a dance club and such?H: No as long as I have time I can go.48:05L: Great so also like in terms of college life and choosing your major I know there are four majors listed from this model and probably these cant all happen together so for so far do you value some of them greater or do you have a reason for thatH: Actually finding a second major for me to double with CS major so but there isn’t a reason for that.L: So you have decided youre going to be a CS major so youre choosing a major or minor to accompany that. Can you talk about why SDS math and econ could be a potential candidate?H: For Econ I’m just good at it, but I’m not really interested in econ. But if I combine CS and Econ like they are a good combination to think of. According to my parents. It’s nice to have a concrete knowledge of math because it definitely contributes to code writing. Math contributes to CS and then SDS, I don’t know. If I learn SDS I may get other positions in google like manager and stuff.L: Great you talk about a lot of links and a lot of relationships. If you want you can definitely include them in the model. Like how math contributes to CS and how CS and Econ may be also contribute to having a more widely applicable major and such and you also talk about how SDS could possibly get you into manager positions so that might contribute to higher salary so think about the things you’ve talked about and how you would present that in the graph.51:13H: Okay. Math or Econ or SDS. Yeah. SDS contributes to other positions in GoogleL: It could also relate possibly to goals of your parents like CS and Econ would be a good combination like you don’t necessarily have to add things it’s just something you could think about.L: Okay. Do you feel like youre good? Could you make more connections and decompose any goals or soft goals? H: Food also matters. L: Thats really important for many people.H: Good food. *draws* Like that. I think that’s it.L: You’re good?H: Yeah.53:30L: Okay that’s great. So we’re just going to conclude this session by asking you some final questions in terms of your modeling experience this time. So like for all the features: the nodes, the links you have used in this session, are there any of them that you feel like they’re the easiest to use or the easiest to understand?H: The ++, +, -, —.L: Ok great. Do you feel that there’s anything that’s particularly confusing, like difficult for you to use and understand?H: Yeah and and or, like decomposition nodes are a little bit confusing to me.L: Great. So do you feel like there’s a feature of this tool that you’ve used the most often?H: I draw a lot of goal circles.L: Great. So do you have any trouble with some of the relationships listed here or when youre modeling are there any relationships you feel like you have some trouble with.H: No, I’m just, this is just hard to come up with.L: Just like comparing the model that you have just extended and the other model do you now have a preference and also whyH: I prefer this one (auto) for the same reasons like it’s clearer than this (other one) it’s more thorough. Yeah. It displays the relationship between those majors in a better way.L: Alright. So do you feel like you’ve learned anything from building and looking at these models? Just like more specifically do you have any new insights or things or relationships or pathways you haven’t considered before?H: Yeah. I think so. So like although I couldn’t decide between those majors this model gives me an idea of different pathways that I can go.58:00L: Could you be a little bit specific?H: Like investment banking is a trade off between time and money And then tech company is a trade off between …. No there is actually no trade off . So I guess that’s why I will choose CS and either SDS or Math.L: Yeah that makes sense. So a very last question is do you have any changes that you would recommend to the developers of this tool?H: Like I would like to have many options of the goals that are auto generated for me to choose between instead of thinking of it for myself because I couldn’t think of any.L: So you wanted more goals to pick from.H: More goals more resources more tasks.L: Great. I think that’s it for today and I’m just going to bring you the form and compensation.