Part 1N: do you have any questionsM: I didn’t know all of theseN: definitely the most common ones would be used. Colloquially ++ is make, and +is help, and minus minus is break, and minus is hurt.M: what’s the difference between ++ and ++sN: ++s means that only the things that are partially or fully satisfied get propagated, so something that’s fully denied doesn’t has an effect on the goals, while those might not be the situation that we are getting into so. --s is something that will be partially satisfied it will get propagated to the next thing that is partially denied.N: besides that can you name the actors in the model?M: app developer, user, and hackerN: can you identify a decomposition link?M: and like the profit from sell app and creat app for profitN: can you identify a contribution link?M: like creat to license appN: what is strongerM: plus plusN: can you point to another contribution link and describe what type of link it is?M: the purchased app and get app from hacker is plus plusPart2M; what you i put for actorN; you can put you as an actor. What are your goals? Like your really concrete goals, like you want to do X, Y, Z after graduationM: first goal I  want to put is to get into dental school after college. Can I abbreviate?N: yesM: soft goals are things that you don’t have cut-offs? N: its more vague, like spending time with friends and be successful and stuff like that M; task, like what kind of task, like take classes?N; so you are thinking about decomposing getting into dental school, basically just think about to accomplish that what you have to do first, and what you have to do first do you need to get letters of recommendation or degrees?M: I guess the first thing to do it to take a lot of classes. Some of them take a lot of time, I guess classes/time. Also shadowing experience. How do you add a relationship?N: a link? Click and drag that little iconM; and this is like a decomposition relationship? N: yeahN: I remember you are making a decision between premed and predental. Is that still a case, and if so how would you recommend it? M: There isn’t a contradiction, and they can exist at the same time. I guess that’s not really deciding between. If a choose a chemistry major, some of the major requirement will also be in predental.N: You can definitely represent that, cause it's not one or the other thing. M: probably is also a goal. Cause after coming to smith, I find that I really want to take a lot of chemistry courses and want to eventually make it a major. Having classes will also mean that I can spend less time with my friends. I will make it negative. N: good that makes senseM: what about resources?N: it could be as specific as a licensed app like in the example or it could be as vague as free time. You can think about something concrete like the Lazarus center that might contribute either positively or negatively to your goals.M: One thing is the professors. Why I choose to become a chemistry major is because the professors here are great. Taking their classes is what makes up my mind. Lazerus center maybe. I think I talked to Lazarus center twice. When I first came to Smith I wanted to become a doctor, and something just pushes me back from doing it. I guess free time is .. This is fun.N: what else you need to accomplish to get into dental school. Maybe recommendations? What other actors that might get you into dental school?M: is that resources or task?N: it totally dependsM:  I guess professors provided them, so it’s a resource.M: or maybe it’s and?N: if you need both you can change it to andM: my parents, they want me to be happy. How to put them in there?N: maybe have them to be an actor. You can think about what kind of goals they might have, and you can link the goals to other goals.N: you can think about what they can do to help you like they might provide you with motivation or things you can do to help them. M: they talk to me a lot, and they support what I want to do. And also financial support.N: we can think more broadly, like where do you want to see yourself financially in 5 years. Like either of the goals, and the goals you have now might affect those.M: I would like to travel with my friends. N: that sounds like a good one. You might think about how that might other broad goals like making money. M: That takes time and money, so I guess it will have a negative affect. This one might have a large cost.N: it might be a huge cost but assume that you are going to be a dentist (30:15)N: it things are getting cramped, you can always enlarge.M: maybe probably my interest. Is interest a resource or a task?N: it depends. Is interest a goal or is it something more concrete?N: do you see any goals or tasks that can be further decomposed? The answer can be no.N: do you see any connections that you want to make? M: probably free time and this?Part 3L: alright great here is a generated model take a minute to look at it especially nodes and linksM: did yo make thisL: it is automatically generatedWe are just gonna ask some questionsL: any nodes you want to add or removeNoL: new connections you want to make?M: wondering about this connection? …L: want to remove it?M: don’t see how these two are connected so Yes. I want to remove itL: for all the nodes presented can any of these be decomposed into goals or tasksM: chemistry professors can help to have good rec lettersL: final question based on the info presented can you see what kind of decisions were you thinking about answering the question or what kind of trade-offs presented hereM: I think it’s not shown in this one. It;s shown in that one though (L: We will ask you to compare and contrast. Do you have a preference?M: I think for this one the student part is much better(auto) it's very detailed and divided into a lot of sub tasks and resources and stuff like that but that one(hers) has things about free time both has advantages.L: next stage we will ask you to extend one of the models. Which do you choose and whyM: Auto. because it will be easier because it has a lot of things on itL: feel free to work on it, and incorporate the model you just built into the generated model.M: so I am adding free time to it and the tasks which is complete chemistry requirement and the major requirement it has a negative relationship yes. This one is also pain (?) L: the latin honors?M: I don’t want to take a history classL: I remember you mentioned you want to travel like travel with friends or go to japan so if you want you can include those hereM: This travel i need free time to actually do the traveling that’s a ++. Okay. Yeah and maybe I should add the financial stuff. Make Money, a goal. And I can get rid of that and actually put that into that (refer to video) so that’s a ++... this one is bad for that I guess. And uh, this one is also L: It takes a lot of money to go to dental school.M: So expensive. I’m broke. I don’t see why if they want me to be happy it would help enjoy field of studyL: Feel free to change anything and you can delete it. M: Financial and emotional…and that’s the wrong direction. L: If it makes sense to you definitely(discussion of link changing and a bug)M: Have good relationships with professors can help me have good recommendation letters.L: Alright just maybe a couple more questions and things to consider. On a side note, do you have maybe any hobbies that you want to keep pursuing?M: I love singing a lot and I love watching movies and I guess those wouldn’t take uo a lot of time. I take voice lessons at Smith but probably I won’t be taking classes after I graduate I guess because I wouldn’t have time.L: I’m just asking to see if there’s anything you really value in free time that could be one of your soft goals in the future so feel free to do thatM: What i just said?L: Maybe spend time singing, if we don’t consider it it might have conflict with other thingsM: I guess I really like it but if I had to choose I’d go with the career thing.M: I guess join a chorus. It takes a lot of time because we have to practice every week. Yeah.M: I’m taking a gap year so I have some time to do something. I want to use the gap year to travel a lot and um, what else. L: Gap year is good might contribute a lot to happiness but maybe to travel there’s some preparation like learning its language or you might want to make money or time for things like academic or work wise something might be done before you take that gap year so that things would be running after you're back or things like thatM: I’m going to study abroad for one semester I’ve learned german for two years. To do that I have to take german classes.L: If you were to take all the requirements that might affect your ability to take german or get some free time or resources wise those lower level tasks might also be in conflict with some large goals.M: It would make me have less free time I have to take over 22 credits per semester because I have so many things to do. Unfortunately. Sometimes I feel it but it’s not bad. I feel ok I don’t feel so stressed.L: Final questions. Professional wise you want to go to dental school so do you have a goal for where you want to be in terms of your career in 5 years after graduating from dental schoolM: To become a dentist you have to dental school 4 years then you have to go to a residency program that depends on the specialty oral surgeon needs a 5-6 year residency and when I go to work I’m old. 32. I’m not sure what I go to the hospital or I just open up my own office. Not sure about that yet. It's like 10 years down the road and things might change.L: feel like you’re good with this model? Things to add decompose or build links?M: No i am good with thisL: final questions For all the functions and things, what’s easiest to understand-goals, you can get in the tasks after thatAre there any aspects of tool that are difficult or confusing- There’s these different relationships I’ve only used four of them, so the others I don’t know what they are doing.Are there any aspects you used the most- relationships especially positive and negative relationshipsFor all the links is there a link you've used the most often- Plus and minus are the most commonDo you feel like there’s a relationship you had trouble with- Didn’t use “or”.Comparing these two models, extended and first created, do you have a preference- Extended model because it’s more detailed and more concrete and includes more thingsFrom each of the models do you feel like you have learned anything from it- learned how to use blooming leaf, I guess I was thinking a lot about money issue but when you draw it out it feels real and pressing. That reminded me of that. I wasn’t thinking a lot about how different perspectives would contribute to my decision making especially pre health advisor I didn’t know what they think but in this model it represents that.Also in terms of the decisions, after this session do you feel like you have new opinions like choosing between something?- I guess the only thing I need to choose between free time and all the other stuff. Still hard to choose! Traveling and working they coexist and I wouldn’t say I would just choose between them. Maybe sacrifice each depending on how I feel at the moment.Do you have any suggestions or changes you would recommend to the developers of the tool- I think it’s great! Maybe there’s a way to make it clean and tidy, it seems kind of messy but I guess that’s what happens when you have so many boxes. 