(plays video)N: The aforementioned handout is right there it is 2 pages you can look at that pretty much any time during this. I’m going to pull this to a good frame so we can look at the whole model. There we go. Alright so im going to ask you a couple of questions just to make sure you understood. So first off, do you have any questions about the video, about goal modeling or the modeling language?B: I think I’m still a little fuzzy on the difference between two plus marks vs one?N: Yeah,  a good way to think about it colloquially is two plus marks means it makes and one means it helps. So achieving it will make it definitely achieve the goal it’s a ++ and if it helps it’s a +.B: So it’s a checkmate kind of thing.7:55N: Yeah. Alright so I’m going to go ahead and ask some questions, and you can refer to that and the handout. Can you name all the actors in the model?B: Uh, the app developer hacker and user.N: And can you identify a decomposition link?B: Uh purchase app to save money N: You can look at the handout at any time but decomposition is actually the and or or B: Ah ok coolN: And can you point out a contribution link of any kind?B: Is that, um.N: pretty much anything thats not and or or. Can you just point one out in the model and speak for the microphone if you can?B: Totally. So like from licensed app to profitN: Which is the stronger relationship ++ or +B: ++N: And can you identify another contribution link and describe what type it is?B: So from get app from hacker to save money is a single + so that directly propagates a goal but doesn’t directly achieve a goal9:25N: Great alright so I think we’re ready to move onto the next part which is your modeling session. So we have a copy of your answers to the survey which you can look at any time for reference or inspiration which I’ll leave right there. So basically we are going to start you off with modeling the question you tried to answer in the survey. So here’s an assortment of pens. If you need help getting started I have a lot of prompts that I can basically give you help getting started and you can look at the handout however much you want.10:00B: Jobs is all I think about. So it doesn’t matter how many goals I have?N: You can have as many goals as you want a good place to get started might be with an actor such as yourself.B: Ok so me..N: Yep and as many goals as you want and as soon as you get stuff down I can help you further along with modeling.B: So, goal, and hard goals go outside of the actors?N: They can go in like have app is inside of userB: I see.N: Just whatever your goals and tasks are. And while you’re modeling can you talk out loud for the recording?B: Sure. The actor is me and the hard goal is to get my PhD and a soft goal would be to get into a good grad school to do so another task would be to take the GRE and another soft goal would be get outside experience with industry job.N: Something that might be helpful for modeling decision making might be what kind of future jobs might you want. They don’t have to all line up but I know you actually provided some really helpful responses in the survey.B: So those would be like hard goals?N: Yeah sureB: So start a research lab so being like head of a research lab is a goal being a teacher or professor also a goal and what I need to do for some of these is I need to, um, write personal statements for applications, 13:33N: Maybe think about how for your different goals how the tasks you might need to do to accomplish them might be different.B: For a research lab I would probably need more research experience vs teaching with teaching experience. And publish research.N: and if you get stuck at any point I have a couple of prompts.B: Ok I am ready for a prompt.N: Ok great so I guess thinking