[tutorial]7:36N: Alright so now that we’re done with that the hanodout is right there by the way. So we will go back to a tab with the model that’s been discussed. I’m going to ask you a few questions (You can refer to this model and the handout at any time during this entire study actually) but first off do you have any questions?A: I mean I guess not right now but these are kind of confusingN: Yeah these aren’t really used as often but if you do have points where they would be applicable I can definitely help and explain them to you.A: OkN: I am going to ask a couple of questions then can you name all the actors in the model?A: User App developer and hackerN: Can you identify a decomposition link?A: Um the link between get app from hacker and be lawful citizenN: Oh actually the decomposition links are and or or contributon are all of the othersA: can you explain that againN: Sure decomposition means when you see a goal a soft goal or a task what other goals or tasks do you have to accomplish to do that so decomposition would be either and or orA: Ok so like the link between profit and sell appN: can you identify a contribution relationship[?A: Allow free download to make app available for freeN: And which is the stronger relationship ++ or +A: ++N: Amd can you identify another contribution link and describe what kind of link it isA:Alow free download to profit is a – contribution linkN: Great I think that pretty much wraps up the training section so now we are moving on to your modeling session so I am going to open up a tab So basically here we have a printed copy of your survey responses that you already answered You’re going to be modeling the question you were asked to answer it can be really intimidating to get started with a blank sheet of canvas I understand so at any point if you need prompts or questions I’ll be there I have several prompts actually for you to work on so if you need help getting started I can definitely do that. And just while you’re modeling can you speak out loud for the micA: Yeah ok do we just startN: Yeah go for it if you need help or a place to get started I can do thatA: Yeah I think I’ll need help getting startedN: That makes sense. So a good place to start I think in general since the main person youre considering in this is yourself a good actor to start with would be youA: okN: So you and then within you some general goals you have pertaining to this questionA: So I’m moving the actor onto the canvasA: Now I am naming it my nameN: and for you pertaining to this question what are the broadest goals you might haveA: Um goals I guess would be to have a successful career in filmN: That’s a good place to start yeahA: so now im adding a goal into the bubble do I add it in the bubbleN: Yeah if it’s a goal of yours or a task of yoursA: So im naming it become a successful filmmakerN: A d then what are some other broad goals you might have either relating to your career or things that you want to accomplish in your progessional or personal lifeA: Um lets see so like live near where I workN:that would be a good oneA: adding another goal that says live near workA: Any more tipsN: I guess thinking about your first goal of become a successful filmmaker lets start decomposing that what do you need to do before you can become a successful filmmakerA: need to build portfolio need to acquire skillsN: These are all good goals or tasksA: should I add them as soft goalsN: Soft goals is something nebulous that can be vague and not as hard defined as a goal so like a goal might be have xy degree and a soft goal might be enjoy careerA: ok so would these be tasksN: Build portfolio would be a taskA: Added task that says build portfolio and another task that says acquire video skills What about for live near work should I incude thatN: Yeah if you can definitely If you cant also if its something more nebulous we can get to that later in the model another good thing to think about again going back to becoming a filmmaker you have sone tasks but interms of what youre doing now with schooling or what you have to do with internships jobs how might you decompose those into tasks or goals that link back to becoming a filmmakerA: So if we’re building a portfolio and acquiring video skills I need to be making films and potentially take classesN: I don’t know what youre majoring inA: Not filmN: Definitely you could see how classes you might take could affect either the process of becoming a filmmaker or lead directly to itA: Okay, should I add tasks then?N: SureA: adding a task that says create film for practice and a nother task that says take film classesN: And you can start to think about the relationships those would have with becoming a filmmaker or maybe more broadly so to become a successful filmmaker its probably not just one route to get there what are some ways you can accomplish that goal. There could be other goals like I want to work at a studio or want to produce things independently just thinking about decisions you might have to make to achieve your goals.A: So I could also be like a news camera person or like I could be a camera person for documentaries or moviesN: Goals or tasks depending on what you think of it as or even a few goals and decompose those furtherA: I guess theyre all related to this one thing so any of them could equal become a successful filmmakerN: That’s definitely the case I think that would probably result in an or decomposition because you could do either of the above probably not bothA: so I can put them as like goalsN: They can all probably lead to achieving your main goal but I assume the routes to each would be differentA: RightA: So I just added a goal that says become a news camera person another goal that says become a documentary filmmaker and another that says become a camera person for movies or tvN: I think special characters don’t show up but it makes senseA: and one more that says become a wedding videographerN: I guess another thing now that you have that down might be some things that you have to accomplish to do some of these things and not othersA: Putting a task down that says film more weddings another task that says network with wedding filmmakers another task that says reach out to movie or tv studiosN: you can make the circle biggerA: putting another task down that says um network with documentary filmmakers and one more task that says reach out to news stations N: perfect yeah that’s a really good place to get started thinking about the links that might run between them so I know you were saying before how specific goals all accomplished become a succesfull filmmaker so you might think about how to demonstrate that with linksA: could you remind me how to create a linkN: totally. Click and drag on the arrow and then you have to hover and click the gearA: and then make that an or. The gear’s so small Im making become a news filmmaker become a documentarian become a camera person for tv and become a wedding videographer all links to become a successful filmmaker and I’m making them all or decomposition linksN: I’m looking at your other goal your live near work and be thinking about how some of the other specific goals might help or hurt that abilityA: ok so become a wedding videographer would hurt live near work because you have to travel a lot to do weddings so I’m gonna make a link from become videographer to live near work and im changing that to a – -A: im gonna also do that with become a documentary filmmaker becayse you travel a lot for that tooN: makes senseA:for news I feel like that also rewuires some travel so im gonna do a – for that and for movies or tv um making a link to live near work and I think that would be a im not sure depends on if you can live near the studioN: probably easier than documentarian but im sure it depends, if youre unsure you can just put a weaker oneA: ill just put a – there for all these its going to be hard to live near work should I make links from the tasks?N: I know there were the four that kind of applied to all of them think about how they might apply differently and think about the specific ones tooA: Okay. N: And if they overlap you can add jointsA: That’s cool. So im linking reach out to film tv studios to become a camera person for movies or tv, changing the link to a ++ , and im gonna link acquire video skills to all 4 of them, and I think that’s gonna be an And and im going to need it for all of them also going to link build a portfolio to all of them with an And since that’s necessary for all of them too and take film classes I feel like that’s very important for like being a tv or documentary camera person but not as important for news or weddings so im gonna link I think ill do an or, can I do that? I’m also gonna link it to the other 2 goals with just a + because its not as important. It’s kinda hardN: spacing it out is the best betA: linking network with docu filmmakers to become documentary filmmakers with a ++ and im linking reah out to news stations to become a news camera person with a ++ as well linkng network with wedding filmmakers to become a wedding videographer with a ++ for that as well as gonna link film more weddings to become wedding videographer with an and because that’s kind of necessary and create films for practice I think I’ll put a ++ from that to all the goals because that helps with all of themN: makes sense Great another thing that might help your model would be thinking about resources you might have, and  they could be as specific as licensed app or pirated app and they can be something really general like free time or spending money what resources might either help or hurt some of your goals here? A: Okay so definitiely money or funding would help all 4 of them for the goals do they link to goals or tasksN: they link to whatever they end up helpingA: so im linking money to take film classes since that costs money that’s gonna be an and and im also linking that to..ill leave that for now. Im gonna put time down and link it to create films for practice, take film classes, film more weddings I guess a resource would also be knowing people or even another actor. Ill put it as another resource for now. Connections I guess and that’s going to link to network with wedding filmmakers tv film studios these are all gonna be ++ im gonna link it also to documentary filmmakers and news stationsN: That makes sense. Im gonna ask you a couple more wuestions they’re a little more general, looking at the nodes you already have do you see any new connections you want to make? The answer can be no of course its just a general question.A: noN: and are there any nodes you have now that can be further decomposedA: I think its pretty goodN: great I think that’s all the questions I have for this part so im going to save this model as it is and ill switch off with lily who will be running the rest of this study. Great.L: so what you have here is great so this one is another model generated by all the answers from your questionnaire so just take a few minutes to look at it and all the nodes and links that are presented hereA: that’s pretty coolL: Ok so we are just gonna ask you a few questions on this model so was everything presented here do you feel you want to add anything important for your values and goals?A: on here?L: yeah do you feel like its missing things that are important to you when youre making decisions or thinking about future patheways A:I think its pretty comprehensiceL: anything you want to remove that’s not relevant to what youre thinking about?A: I guess.. theres also no link from time for vacation to anywhere so im not sure if that should have a link to anything otherwise that’s goodL: Great also based off the information presented here what kind of decisions do you think you were thinking based off the things that you put on the questionnaire that was later transformed into the modelA: like what am I thinking right now?L: like are you making decisions or choosing between optionsA: because my degree isn’t in film im not really sure if im on the right track to go on this line of work if I even should go into this line of work if its gonna support me you knowL: that makes senseA: I am going through a few different choices right nowL: ok that’s great so I think just as like a final few questions do you think there are any new links you want to make on this modelA: yeah lets see, im trying to link time for vacation somewhere but I don’t really know where to put ill just leave it like that for now.L: Yeah sure so just like one last question do you feel you could decompose any of the nodes here into further subgoals soft goals or tasks?A: I feel like job in film production is very broad and like I decomposed it into 4 different types in the one I just did so that could definitely be decomposed a lot cause there are many different kinds of film jobs and those would all have different effects on time for vacation and working close to home for example making docs would be very hard to eb close to home whereas having a studio close to home would make that easier.L: Great yeah so I guess that’s all about this model and we would like you to compare and contrast the model you just made and the model we generated and do you now have a preference between these two?A: I think its hard to choose because like I was kind of not sure about the software when I made the one I just did and this is a lot more organized and structured obviously its organized a lot better so its easier to read so I prefer the one you handed me but I also think it could use some tweaks like for example the decomposing of the type of film production and maybe a few more resources like the time and money are really big resources because all of these things really require time and money I guess that’s kind of a givenL: In the next stage of the study we will ask you to extend one of these models so just choose which ever is the most convenient to you or the model that has like the greatest amount of values or thoughts that you have which one do you want to extend?A: I think I’ll extend the one I just made becayse that has a lot of links I don’t want to recreate and this one will be easier to add onL: I will now give you time to do that and feel free to transfer anything that you have on the printed model into the one you just built and the resources and actors and I will give you prompts just to keep it moving.A: sounds good. I am gonna add an actor gonna add a goal inside the S-O goal that says partner is happy making a soft goal that says be happy with career and im gonna link that to partner is happy and linking scucessfull filmmaker to be happy with career that’s a ++.  Adding a resource that says self started videography business. And linking that to build a portfolio that’s a ++. I’m adding oh I like this, job search websites that’s really helpful for networking. Linking that to network with wedding filmmakers reach out to tv film studios these are all gonna be ++, and linkng it also to documentary filmmakers and news stations. I also like the smith alum actor which I am adding right now. Adding a task that says help students find jobs linking that to connections. I think its ready now.L: Ok so maybe just like a couple more questions, so maybe just generally in the future how would you imagine your social life since you mentioned spending time with family and friends, also like meant a lot to you so maybe consider time wise how often do you want to be with them or location wise what would be easier for youA: I guess that would depend on where I work so that has to do with living near work, where my work is and whether I have the time and money to do that. L: Also we are just trying to explore more opportunities here so do you feel like you have some interests or hobbies that you are working on now that you still want to be a part of your life after you graduate and are working?A: Yeah I want to keep rock climbing I like being outdoors and biking and working with bikesL: one way to think about how that might affect future soft goals or hard goals that might also have an effect on financial situations or what kind of job you take because there might be more time consuming or really demanding, stuff like that.A: You want me to add?L: Just if its relevant if like youre trying to see if theres anything else that might be a factor that influences your goals A: Gonna add a soft goal that says time for rock climbing time and money. Gonna add a + link from become a successful filmmaker to uh that one ok.L: A final question now is maybe are you like choosing between things or do you feel you have a strong trade off in your decisions or future career pathwaysA: Could you repeat the questionL: Sorry. Just like do you feel you are deciding between career pathways or job opportunitiesA: Well yeah because my degree is in engineering and environmental science it is like nothing near film but I really enjoy film and its what I can see myself doing in the future I’m just not sure it’s a viable career and that’s why I’ve been thinking about it a lot recentlyL: I’m not sure if its really relevant to your current situation but maybe you could think ablut like how is it different I guess what are the actual differences between working with film continuing with engineering degree or just like doing film because like making decisions it has a lot to do with larger goals like larger values in life something like that, yeah. if you feel its relevant to consider it now you can I’m just trying to bring that up.A: Can, do I like how do I add something like that like a job in engineeringL: Something like that like if you have already decided you really want to do film and learn more about film that’s great because you don’t feel that engineering is a part fo that model but if youre still holding connections with engineering something down the road or something currently working on that’s actually engineering if you feel its relevant you could always include that but if you’ve made up your mind that’s totally fine if that’s your model.[model crashes][loads old model]L: Yeah. I think it’s … cause… I guess the page reloaded and the software didn’t save your progressN: I have the video recording its fineL: Sorry it reloadedA: that’s fineL: We have a copy of it so it’s good for now like let’s just go back to where we were do you feel like you were good with the model were you thinking about something else before it crashed?A: I wasn’t like like I’m not really decided on whether I want to do film or engineering because engineering is more financially viable but that’s the only reason I would want to go there so that’s im not sure if that’s a good enough reason to do itL: Makes sense I guess if its necessary there’s maybe one way to include like major in engineering and that would be a link to financial stability maybe make it a ++ I guess that would be kind of what you were thinking about. Are there anything else you can think about, links, nodes to decompose? It’s totally fine if it’s good I’m just trying final questionsA: I don’t remember what I put on the other one it was pretty good It’s already very complicatedL: Definitely there’s a lot of good information in there, you feel like you’re good?A: MhmL: Okay! So we’re just gonna move on to exit interview in terms of your modeling experience today so for all the features and aspects you have used the nodes the links do you feel like there’s something easiest for you to understand and useA: What was it easiest to understand? Like in terms of the actual software? [Yes] I feel like the dragging and dropping putting stuff on the canvas was self explanatory, very easy and intuitive, I feel like the linking was a little bit harder and more time consuming because you had to click it and go to the drop down menu and choose which it had to be, I wish I knew a better way to organize because I feel like this one was very organized but held less information you know? I feel like it could be more organized, the one I made, if I had lumped some stuff together used different shapes put them together.L: so are there any aspects of the tool you feel are difficult to understandA: Yeah the linking. It wasn’t hard to understand except the really complicated ones like I didn’t do any ++s +s +d or any of those so those were confusing but I didnt use them so it was ok, I think the linking was the most hard to understand part along with the organizationL: Yeah totally. So do you feel theres an aspect of the tool used most often during the session?A: I used linking most often because there are so many linksL: Is there a particular type of link you feel like you used the most?A: Oh I think I used a lot of ++ and and links because I’m really focused on the positive linking I didn’t do much of the negative, I don’t really think about that I guess much.L: So now we are just gonna ask another compare contrast question so in terms of the model that we generated and the model you constructed do you now have a preference and also whyA: I definitely prefer the one I just finished that was erased because it was more comprehensive and has more information like this was neat and organized which I really appreciate I just needed a little more decomposition for the different kinds of jobsL: So do you feel like you learned anything from these two modelsA: Yeah it helped me see what resources I have available and showed me the steps I need to take to get to my goals it really let me think about where I need to start now to reach my goalL: Yeah. Just one final question: do you have any suggestions to the developers of the tool or changes you recommend?A: Yeah make the linking a little easier im not sure how. I feel like it was just a little bit hard to link click out and click the gear which is a little small and then clicking on the drop down menu and finding it, not sure how you’d do that but I’m not a software developer. That’s for you to figure out. Otherwise it was nice because it was very sensitive it was easy to pick which one I wanted to click on it wasn’t just grabbing random ones which some softwares doL: Great that’s all that concludes the session.o