Part 1N: question?R: why some has two negatives and others only have one negative?N&R: because you don’t save money by purchasing the app, but you do it you illegally downloaded it. And the minus minus is you break the rules instead of just hurting saving money. N: minus minus is just you breaking the rule instead of hurting it .R: how are they all connected?N: the app developer makes apps and their goals are just sell apps for profit. The user just wants to have the app and save money and follow the law. The hacker just gives an alternative to the user. So the resources here are licensed app and pirated app.R: so am I going to make one of those.N: it will be more focused on you instead of the equally sized actor over here. It will be very similar to this.R: does your model needs to encompassing all scenarios? Or do you need to make another one for other situations?N: you will be modeling to question that you are being asked, i will be helpful if you included all your actors. But for you, it will be different pathwaysN: Name all the actors in the model.R: user, hacker, app developerN: Identify one or more decomposition links in the model.R: isn’t that like the ORs or the ANDsN: Identify one or more contribution relationships in the model.R: the pluses?N: actually any of these elseR: can you explain why its called decomposition vs contribution?N: you have a main goal, to decompose the goal you think about what goals and tasks to complete first, and contribution is like it helps this, not like i thought about the main goals and here are the parts.N: for and is like you need to do both and for or is like for of theseN: Which is the stronger relationship, “++” or “+”?R:++N: identify a contribution link and what it isR: only partially satisfied goals are being propagated, make app partially satisfied making profitsPart 2R: the actor would just be myself, one of the hard goals will be making money by getting a stable job. Have something that I'm interested in, and do something that will make my family happy. N: maybe thinking about the major as goals, if you are deciding between them, and your major goals can affect goals up thereR: my major is neuroscience and french, and another goal I have is to study abroad. My last goal would be to go to medical schoolN: thinking about your closer or more concrete goals like neuroscience, how can you decomposed thatR: one of the goals of neuroscience is to achieve a deep understanding in one of the hard sciences, a task would be taking a bunch of upper-level classesN: what do you have to do to get your french majorR: If I am going to study abroad should I make it a taks?N: yeah and you can make a contribution or decomposition link.R: I have to take two classes in my senior year. N: you can make two ANDs and it points toward the goalR: so to achieve a deeper understanding so that will be a contribution link?N: i think so.R: I need to take all the upper level classes and also the core classes which I have already done.N: what kind of things would get you into med school?R: a task would be making really good grades, and taking the MCAT at some point, which I kind of put aside for study abroad, and also lots of extracurricular, and have a majorN: maybe think about anything in the french or neuroscience major that will help or hurtR: having fluency in another language would help with medical school acceptance. I will put a contribution like.R: are these all going to medical school as ANDS, like gpa and requirements?N: I think so. I think you mentioned that studying abroad might hurt taking the MCAT, you can link somewhere a minus or minus minus, maybe somewhere along thatR: so if I study abroad, I will have less time to take the premed requirement. To get into Med school, they wouldn't let you unless you take certain courses. Studying abroad will help me study interesting subjects.R: medical school helps make money but also might take away moneyN: but the medical school might also help with getting a job R: and it also makes my family happy. My family would be happy if I did a neuroscience major. I think they will accept any other major as fine, but maybe not as happy. I will just do one plus for neuroscience instead of two.N: do you think there are any other actors that might help you? Adviser, and maybe your parents too.R:  My parents are pretty supportive of what I do as long as if later it will be something that will be stable. I will also put professors as an actor, and their goal would be seeing students do things that they enjoy.N: how might that contribute to your goal?R: I think that contributes to the interesting subject thing. Their goal would have me to do something that will have long term success, and they want me to do something that I enjoy. R: I will just put my family as another actor, and their goal for me is to have long term success and also see me do things that I enjoy. There are other doctors in my family so they just want more doctors. Maybe it's just a prestige thing. How would you connect family and have something I enjoy?N: If that’s a goal that your family has, then it can stay right there.R: long term success would be connected to a stable job?N: yeah, it makes senseR: doing something I enjoy would contribute to my family wanting me to be happyN: do you see any new connections you want to make?R: if i do french I could still minor in neuroscience, and if I do neuroscience major, I can’t major in french. If I do both it will take away my time for doing the MCAT. If i do a neuroscience major you can do I senior thesis. To do a thesis, I have to choose between neuroscience and french.N: maybe it would be a break from french to thesisN: any more goals that you want to further decompose?R: not any I can think of.Part 3L: during the next stage we are going to show you a model hand copied from an algorithm take a minute to look through it. We are going to ask you a few questions on that modelL: For all the nodes here do you want to add anythingR: I think the only thing I’m not sure there should be connections made with friendship and familyL: What kind of things should be removed that aren’t relevant?R: I think everything is relevantL: based on the info here in the auto model can you see what kind of decisions were you considering making. The options or what kind of options are you choosing between?R: Choosing between majors? L: What kind of choices or tradeoffs do you see yourself making here?R: I can either do you mean like if i I have to choose between doing a thesis and not, is that what you mean? If I do neuro I can do a thesis but not in french, or do french and no thesisL: Do you want to make any new connections that has just come to you?R: There is a connection between french major and medical school. It’s also I wouldn’t put it as a and I guess. Or would it be like neuro and french major you can do one or the other.L: Do you feel like there are any nodes you want to further decompose into sub goals or tasksR: Not that I can think of.L: So also in terms of comparing the models do you have a preference and why?R: I think auto is more clear and the arrows make more sense but mine has a lot more stuff so… if I was using it to decide something I guess I would.. I like auto but if i were to add more specifics to it.L: In the next stage we are going to ask you to extend a model which one do you want to work with?R: auto because it’s organized and I can transfer stuff over to it from my own model. The arrows make more sense.L: I will leave you with time to work on this model feel free to transfer from your model and I have plenty of prompts.R: fluent in a foreign language.. And that french major and study abroad contribute to that. I don’t think they’re required though so i’ll just do +. Neuro major core classes contribute to medical school since a lot of them are similar so it’s just helpful so that’s a positive link. L: you mentioned that a french major would also help with going to medical schoolR: either neuro major, french major or double majorR: Maybe I will just stick with my own model. Cause this one has a lot of the small things and more specific information. R: Switching to own model to extend. I can’t think of anything to add.L: maybe some questions are more general goals. Anything you really value? Time with friends, etc?R: Yes. soft goal. Study abroad helps that. But like double major does not help with that. L: Do you have any hobbies that affect things?R: I have been wanting to start a new language but I never have time in my schedule. That has to do with finishing majors, pre health track, like I’m sure when I’m in medical school it won’t help either. Start a new language that’s just a soft goal for me. L: What do you consider yourself good atR: Science classes. If i don't double major I have more time for fun classes. I guess a goal of mine would be exploring other subjects.L: are there any values you can think ofR: I want to incorporate environmental work into my work, contributing some way. Would that be a goal?L: Maybe a soft goal.R: environmental related work would connect to …L: would current majors contribute to that? Things in or outside of smith that might help with that?R: you could connect it to the majors in an indirect way? Like with french I could do work abroad. I don’t knowL: what else does french contribute to in terms of values?R: It could help with volunteer work abroad. Volunteer work would positively contribute to medical school.L: a couple of final questions. Any other tasks you want to add or nodes you want to decompose? You mentioned you want to explore classes. Do you have things you have in mind?R: Yeah would i put i want to take an art class or different literature classes…L: That could help with life values.R: Kind of one of my values being always be learning something new and broaden what you study.L: Do you feel good about it?R: YesL: Final exit interview questionsWith all the features which was the easiest?- Obviously there’s a little bit to getting it down and understanding if I’m doing it right. I think the easiest one was it’s easy to understand the shapes and elements, harder part was linksFor the links which was the hardest?- Decomposition ones kind of confused me but I get it now. The difference between ands and positive contribution. For comparing and contrasting the models do you have a preference now?- I think I prefer my model because it has more but if I’m using it i feel like i might get confusedDo you feel like you learned anything from these models- Yes I think I learned this is a different way to weigh things, compare things that are required vs possibilities. A new way to put thoughts downAny new insights or considerations?- Not really I think most of this is stuff I’ve thought about but I’ve thought about this a long time.Do you feel like in terms of your own decisions do you feel like the decision has changed or your preference?- I think my preference is towards the french major now. It shifted more in that direction.Do you have any suggestions for developers?- Not that I can think of because it’s a very clear system. 